it's a 7-0 mark it takes them to
hook and inside
the magic
of three together good of four in
from part of the motive of two vega anda
sharp vega yesterday as I say he showed off
the painting exactly
and fail with the bounce moves
quickly the magister 6 that is going to
find him alone demented quickly
in the 61 58 gentlemen
it seems that tonight there the magic
seeks to get into the area they delivered it and
in two points
now with a band with letters
yellow and you have yellow let's see
what he does after the third 15
the magic 26 gets into the painting
in matches them fast but facts
and quickly deliver the newspapers
average recovers two points is operated
within votes
to the three points
It gives little fear to enter the activity to
marquez of three points and the magic
quickly gets into the painting
joubert in pull out flame come
find the magic combination
two more gentlemen in use the stacks of this
foreigner 26-27
in
but I must comb my ink
awesome but do not have the magic
just off hook
the magical bakker enters the painting
fernando castillo el magico again of
two minutes turned it dirty
they will grant exactly 58 60 and 55
minutes 37 seconds
reviving all